build,cache: support remote cache sources ( via `--cache-to`, `--cache-from` ) and introduce `cacheKey/layerKey` (#4118)
containers/buildah: docs/buildah-build.1.md

**--cache-from**

Repository to utilise as potential cache source. When specified buildah will try to look for

> cached layers in specified repository and will attempt to pull cached layers instead of actually

Reviewer: The cache logic doesn't read and write layers by themselves, it always reads and writes images.

**--cache-from**

> Repository to utilise as potential cache source. When specified buildah will try to look for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Repository to utilize as a potential cache source. When specified, Buildah will look for
```

> cache images in specified repository and will attempt to pull cache images instead of actually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cache images in the specified repository and will attempt to pull cache images instead of 
```

> executing and computing STEPS. Buildah will only attempt to pull previously cached images if they

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
executing the build steps locally. Buildah will only attempt to pull previously cached images if they
```

> as valid cache hits otherwise not.

Reviewer 2: I think, but don't know, that it probably ought to be "cached images" instead of "cache images" above.  @nalind ?

Reviewer: Uh, "previously cached", I guess.

> executing and computing STEPS. Buildah will only attempt to pull previously cached images if they
> are considered as valid cache hits otherwise not.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
executing and computing STEPS. Buildah will only attempt to pull previously cached images if they
are considered as valid cache hits.
```
or just drop the sentence completely, I’m not sure what users are supposed to do with that information.

> Use `--cache-to` to populate a remote repository with cache content

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `--cache-to` to populate a remote repository with cache content.
```

> Use `--cache-to` in order populate remote repository with valid cache sources/layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--cache-to` in order populate a remote repository with cache content.
```

Reviewer 3: “in order _to_ populate”?

Reviewer 3: Or just “… to populate”, without “in order”

> Use the `--cache-to` option to populate a remote repository with cache content

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the `--cache-to` option to populate a remote repository with cache content.
```

Example

```bash

> # populate cache source or use cached layers if already present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# populate a cache and also consult it
```

buildah build -t test --layers --cache-to registry/myrepo/cache --cache-from registry/myrepo/cache .
```

> Note: option is ignored unless `--layers` is specified.

Reviewer 2: which option is ignored?  use used `-t1, `--cache-to`, and `--cache-from`

Reviewer: This is the section about `--cache-from`, but I don't mind if it's named on this line.

Author: fixed.

> Note: Option works only with `--layers` i.e when cache is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: option is ignored unless `--layers` is specified.
```

**--cache-to**

Set this flag to specify a remote repository that will be used to store cache images. Buildah will attempt to
push newly built cache image to the remote repository.

> Note: Use `--cache-from` in order to use cache content in a remote repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Use the `--cache-from` option to use cache content in a remote repository.
```

> Note: Works only with --layers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--cache-from` in order to use cache content in a remote repository.
```

Example

```bash
# populate a cache and also consult it
buildah build -t test --layers --cache-to registry/myrepo/cache --cache-from registry/myrepo/cache .
```

> Note: option is ignored unless `--layers` is specified.

Reviewer 2: same "cache" vs "cached" question here.

Reviewer: This is the section about `--cache-to`, but I don't mind if it's named on this line.

> Note: Option works only with `--layers` i.e when cache is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: option is ignored unless `--layers` is specified.
```
